Positive
1) Start TLX
2) Click "Scan"
3) Run the script by double-clicking on it, or right-clicking and selecting "Run script"
4) The "Positive", "B&W", and “16 Base” radio buttons are now selectable.
5) Select the relevant button(s).
6) Continue onward in your journey.

If you want color that looks like what you saw on your light table, you need to
1) Import the .raw file into your image editor
2) Assign the sRGB color space
3) Add a Levels (or Exposure) adjustment layer (Photoshop)
4) Set Gamma to 2.2
5) Set Black / White points
6) If you think it needs color correction, do it with a Curves adjustment layer right under the Levels layer
7) If it needs a bit of shadow lift, contrast, etc, do it above the Levels layer.

The purpose of exporting as "raw" is to bypass the color correction algorithm; if you do not, you'll get very strange color casts. This may (?) not be an issue with an F-235 or F-335, as scanning slide film was officially supported for those devices.
If you do not need 16-bit planar files, and/or if you are using an F-135+, you can use Christoph Zeidler's modified executable to scan in Positive mode in PSI (a much better interface). You will not be able to obtain 16-bit raw linear files, but the 8-bit linear files may be good enough for your purposes.

Black & White
The same steps for Positive apply, except you select the B&W radio button instead of the Positive button. No raw export is necessary, these files can be saved as auto-corrected JPEGs. 
The most significant reason to scan traditional B&W film in this mode (instead of C-41 B&W) is that, like Positive mode, you are less likely to experience phantom jamming. This also appears to solve the long-standing issue with scanning films with a polyester base (unusually low base fog).

16-Base
This only matters if you are using a Non-plus unit. Select the 16-Base radio button and get on with it.
Download
GitHub project (contains uncompiled scripts):
https://github.com/sgharvey/pakon-t...
Click on "Download ZIP", extract to the desktop of your XP machine.
Install AutoIt v3 by following the link in the README. Go with all defaults.
Execute the script by double-clicking it.
If you know what “cloning and pulling” means, then you’re probably about to do it anyway, and you don’t need any encouragement from me.
Did I make your day, save you time, or stop you from throwing your Pakon / computer out of a window?
Flattr me: flattr.com/profile/sgharvey
Buy me a beer via PayPal: KephnosAnagennao@gmail.com